
DryIcons Free License Agreement

This is a legal agreement between you ("Licensee") and DryIcons.com ("Licensor",
or "DryIcons"). This agreement applies to licenses issued via the World Wide Web
and is applicable to online digital delivery of the Licensed Material.

Last updated: July 3, 2008

   1. Definitions
         1. "Licensed Material" or "Works" means any digital still image,
            graphic, icon or icon set, visual representation generated
            optically, electronically, digitally or by any other means including
            copies, prints, digital files or reproductions thereof of the
            material. Any reference in this agreement to the Licensed Material
            shall be to each individual item within the Licensed Material and
            also to the Works taken as a whole;
         2. "You" means an individual or entity or the Organization on whose
            behalf you are undertaking the License exercising rights under this
            License who has not previously violated the terms of this License
            with respect of the Work, or who has received express permission
            from the Licensor to exercise rights under this License despite a
            previous violation;
         3. "Original Author" means, in the case of artistic work the publisher
            who created the Works- DryIcons.
   2. Terms and Conditions
         1. You may use the Licensed Material in a publicly accessible web site,
            web application or any form of presentation publicly accessible
            through the World Wide Web only according to the DryIcons Free
            License Terms and Conditions:
                * You must put a back link with credits to http://dryicons.com
                  on every page where DryIcons' Works are used (example: Icons
                  by http://dryicons.com);
                * You must include the correct back link to DryIcons website,
                  which is: http://dryicons.com;
                * You must place the link on an easy-to-see, recognizable place,
                  so there is no confusion about the Original Author of the
                  Works (DryIcons);
                * When copying, or paraphrasing description text (or title) on
                  one of the Licensed Material, you must make sure there are no
                  spelling mistakes;
                * Do not try to take credit or imply in any way that you and not
                  DryIcons is the Original Author of the Licensed Material
                  (icons, icon sets and graphics).
   3. Grant of Rights
         1. The Licensed Material is being provided to You under the Terms of
            this agreement, which allows for use of Licensed Material but does
            not transfer ownership. All Licensed Material remains property of
            DryIcons;
         2. You may use the Licensed Material in any personal or commercial
            project unlimited number of times according to the DryIcons Free
            License Terms and Conditions;
         3. You may use the Licensed Material in any Open Source project and
            application according to the DryIcons Free License Terms and
            Conditions;
         4. Your rights to the Licensed Material are worldwide and for the
            duration of DryIcons' rights in the Licensed Material;
         5. Any uses other than the ones mentioned above must be approved by
            DryIcons in writing;
         6. Unauthorized use will result in immediate termination of this
            License, and with it, Your rights to use the Licensed Material.
   4. Restrictions
         1. You may not alter, crop, modify, manipulate and create derivative
            works of the Licensed Material. All Licensed Material must be used
            "AS is";
         2. You may not redistribute, license, sell, lease, assign, convey or
            transfer Licensed Material, or offer free downloads in their present
            form or in a modified form to any third party;
         3. You may not distribute the Licensed Material (icons, icon sets and
            graphics) online in a downloadable format or enable them to be
            distributed via mobile devices. You may link to http://dryicons.com
            instead;
         4. You may not incorporate Licensed Material into a logo, trademark or
            service mark;
         5. You may not use the Licensed Material directly from dryicons.com or
            any other location hosted on the dryicons.com domain or any other
            domains owned by DryIcons.
         6. You may not use the Licensed Material for pornographic, unlawful or
            other immoral purposes, for spreading hate or discrimination, or to
            defame or victimize other people, societies, cultures.
   5. Copyright
         1. DryIcons.com reserves the copyrights and ownership rights of all
            Licensed Material downloaded from this website. We reserve the right
            to change parts of this License without notice and at our sole
            discretion.
   6. Warranty and Limitation of Liability
         1. DryIcons.com will not be held responsible for any outcome that may
            occur during the course of usage of our icons;
         2. If we find anyone guilty of copying, modifying, stealing, reselling,
            distributing or leasing the Licensed Material, all DryIcons Licenses
            will automatically be cancelled and they will be liable to legal
            action.
